---
layout: default
modal-id: 6
date: 2014-07-15
img: submarine.png
alt: image-alt
project-date: April 2014
client: Start Bootstrap
category: Web Development
text-align: left

---
<div align="left">
 
I help researchers to identify potential funding sources for their research and to develop strong applications with the best possible chance of success. I coordinate and develop large-scale strategic bids. I write non-techincal propsoal sections and prepare research teams for interviews with grant review panels. Projects that I contributed to include:

* STFC UK SKA Regional Centre (
* Various proposals supporting the development abnd growth of the Materials and Molecular Modelling (MMM) Hub, a Tier 2 national supercomputing centre, which supports the UK-wide MMM community. PI: Prof Scott Woodley, UCL Chemistry. Thomas, Young, PAX.
* Various proposals related to Exascale Computing ALgorithms & Infrastructures Benefiting UK Research (ExCALIBUR): UCL Adaptable Cluster, Software Environment for Actionable & VVUQ-evaluated Exascale Applications (SEAVEA); Learned Exascale Computational Imaging (LEXCI)
* EPSRC Research Software Engineer Fellowship: Dr Tom Dowrick who is improving research translation in image guided surgery. 5 fellowships were funded nationally.
* Health Data Research UK Using medicines data to understand the effects of COVID–19 on clinical care, Prof Reecha Sofat, UCL Institute of Health Informatics (now University of Liverpool).
* UKRI Future Leader Fellowship: Dr Neil Oxtby who is developing individualised artificial intelligence for medicine.
* UKRI Centre for Doctoral Training in Foundational Artificial Intelligence, PI: Prof David Barber, UCL Computer Science.
* STFC Centre for Doctoral Training inData Intensive Sciences, PI: Prof Nikos Konstantinidis, UCL Astronomy and Physics.-
* EPSRC Art Through the ICT Lens: Preservation and Conservation of Old Master Paintings. PI: Prof Miguel Rodrigues, UCL Electronic and Electrical Engineering
* The French Government's Laboratory of Excellence (LabEx) program: MEDALIS, an interdisciplinary centre, which develops research projects relating to new drugs and breakthrough therapeutic innovations, by integrating technology transfer at a very early stage. PI: Prof Sylviane Muller, University of Strasbourg.

  </div>
